README.md, before:

# C64 for [DE10-Standard Edition of MiSTer](https://github.com/MiSTer-DE10-Standard/Main_MiSTer/wiki)

![C64 DE10-Standard FPGA](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/48859672/55352045-3d469280-54c0-11e9-9253-6b6ef8164dc1.JPG)

Based on FPGA64 by Peter Wendrich with heavy later modifications by different people.

## Features
- C64 and C64GS modes.
- Disk read/write support (*.D64)
- Amost all cartrige formats (*.CRT)
- Direct file injection (*.PRG)
- Dual SID with several degree of mixing 6581/8580 from stereo to mono.
- Similar to 6581 and 8580 SID filters.
- OPL2 sound expander.
- 4 joysticks mode.
- UART connection to Internet.
- Loadable Kernal/C1541 ROMs.
- Special reduced border mode for 16:9 display.

## Installation
Copy the *.rbf to the root of the SD card. Copy disks/carts to C64 folder.

## Usage

### Keyboard
* F2,F4,F6,F8,Left/Up keys automatically activate Shift key.
* F9 - pound key.
* F10 - plus key.
* F11 - restore key. Also special key in AR/FC carts.
* Alt - C= key.

### Loadable ROM
Alternative ROM can be placed in C64 folder with the name boot.rom.
Format is simple concatenation of Kernal.rom + C1541.rom

### Autoload the cartridge
Place the desired cartridge with the name boot3.rom in C64 folder to autoload it on start.


This project brought to you by http://www.modernhackers.com

Commit message:

DE10-Standard, DE1-SoC, Arrow SocKit

README.md, after:

# C64 for [MiSTer](https://github.com/MiSTer-devel/Main_MiSTer/wiki)

Based on FPGA64 by Peter Wendrich with heavy later modifications by different people.

## Features
- C64 and C64GS modes.
- Disk read/write support (*.D64)
- Amost all cartrige formats (*.CRT)
- Direct file injection (*.PRG)
- Dual SID with several degree of mixing 6581/8580 from stereo to mono.
- Similar to 6581 and 8580 SID filters.
- OPL2 sound expander.
- 4 joysticks mode.
- UART connection to Internet.
- Loadable Kernal/C1541 ROMs.
- Special reduced border mode for 16:9 display.

## Installation
Copy the *.rbf to the root of the SD card. Copy disks/carts to C64 folder.

## Usage

### Keyboard
* F2,F4,F6,F8,Left/Up keys automatically activate Shift key.
* F9 - pound key.
* F10 - plus key.
* F11 - restore key. Also special key in AR/FC carts.
* Alt - C= key.

### Loadable ROM
Alternative ROM can be placed in C64 folder with the name boot.rom.
Format is simple concatenation of BASIC + Kernal.rom + C1541.rom

To create the ROM in DOS or Windows, gather your files in one place and use the following command from the DOS prompt. 
The easiest place to acquire the ROM files is from the VICE distribution. BASIC and KERNAL are in the C64 directory,
and dos1541 is in the Drives directory.

`COPY BASIC + KERNAL + dos1541 BOOT.ROM /B`

To use JiffyDOS or another alternative kernel, replace the filenames with the name of your ROM or BIN file.  (Note, you muse use the 1541-II ROM. The ROM for the original 1541 only covers half the drive ROM and does not work with emulators.)

`COPY /B BASIC.bin +JiffyDOS_C64.bin +JiffyDOS_1541-II.bin BOOT.ROM`

To confirm you have the correct image, the BOOT.ROM created must be exactly 32768 bytes long. 

### Autoload the cartridge
Place the desired cartridge with the name boot3.rom in C64 folder to autoload it on start.
